everyone I'm dr. retro and I'm showing
you slingshot today this is one of the
rarer mosque items in my experience and
I finally have a complete version so I
want to show you this one it's an RV van
and the transforms into a surveillance
unit with a sonic jet it also has an
action figure a striker comes with a
mosque and the side of the box shows you
the forms so first there's the van then
there's the surveillance unit with the
sonic jet this other side shows you some
details and the jet has wings that can
move you can also put your guy in the
front to have the surveillance unit and
the top of the jet flips off so this is
the outer box let's get to the inner box
and actually this inner box is a puzzle
on itself because it's by far the most
complex inner box for a mosque item I've
seen for some extra stuff that is given
with the item this is an instruction on
how to take off the sides of the car if
you can't close it because the problem
with this one is if you play too rough
if you deform the plastic it just won't
close again and you have a dysfunctional
vehicle so this one is the sticker leaf
and as you can see it's used and this is
the manual with the famous poster that
I've shown you many times before it
flies away let's show you this slingshot
side there you go that's the poster so
the box you have to open it on this side
here and remove this and then it flips
open all the way to reveal slingshot one
of the things with slingshot is that
this plastic is really really vulnerable
to fading as you know with all super
Nintendos or Nintendo NES console if
they stay out in the Sun if they are in
a smokey environment
they have Sun fading or they get brown
etc this one is still in
brand-spanking-new white and this is
actually the fifth or sixth version of
slingshot I have and only the first to
be really really white instead of brown
so it's a van that's pretty much it it
doesn't look really like much on the
outside so when we push this button on
the back it flips open there we go this
is the jet and here you have some
stickers on the side also have stickers
on that side let me show you a bit and
it's supposed to look like
yeah control screens or something like
that then there's a button on the back
here I'm going to show you if the light
allows me this is the button and when
you press that the jet pops up with the
yeah with the control unit or the gun
unit whatever you want to call it this
one on the front here also flips and
that's where you can put your figure to
control these two guns or just sit there
this one rotates all around and actually
when you move the car rotates I'll show
you and it makes a lovely clicking noise
so when you want to take off the jet it
you have to just unclick it because it's
not connected with a mechanism or a
button or anything you just have to
click it off so the wings you can fold
them out or fold them in and on the
bottom there's a bomb which gets
released by this button as you can see
and it's really a flat bomb quite it
kind of strange football doesn't look
like a bomb to me so we click that back
on there I'm putting it on the wrong
side probably you have to put the little
anchors on the back in there so this is
the jet fighter plane and when we open
it up you see the figure
let's get him out of there and show him
to you so this is ace Riker mosque is
still really subtle and that's a good
thing this plastic is supposed to be
subtle so as you can see I can easily
bend it doesn't break doesn't snap and
if you play with these too much in the
Sun or you leave them out to dry or
anything they become hard and they will
snap when you put them over the heads
and basically it destroys them so that
was a sling shot one of the rare mosque
items like I said you don't see this one
often especially not in complete and
good condition as this one so I'm really
happy to finally have this if you like
this kind of stuff mosque items or retro
games check out my channel because I
have a lot more videos there also like
me on Facebook facebook.com slash dr
retro m.d. so dr. retro md to stay
up-to-date on all my new videos new
articles new blogs etc so thanks for
watching and see you next time bye bye